Readme.md, before:

# pyWavereader
## Python based Waveform reader tool for the DSO138mini 1-channel oscilloscope

[![Build Status]]()
Last Revision: 2021-Aug-18

Written by D.Hainsch / Ampy 

pyWavereader is a small and simple tool, designed to optimize the workflow when working with the DSO138mini oscilloscope
Via a usb-ttl converter, such as the CH340 etc., the DSO138mini can transmit it's currently captured waveform via UART.
Factory settings are as follows:
- baudrate = 115200
- bytesize = 8
- parity = none
- stopbits = 1

pyWavereader has been developed on Windows 10, Microsoft Visual Studio Code to be executed on Python version 3.7.6 interpreter or higher.
During development it has been tested with the DSO138mini, running on Firmware 113-13816-111, connected to a CH340 usb-ttl converter on COM5

## **Features**

- Import a HTML file and watch it magically convert to Markdown
- Drag and drop images (requires your Dropbox account be linked)
- Import and save files from GitHub, Dropbox, Google Drive and One Drive
- Drag and drop markdown and HTML files into Dillinger
- Export documents as Markdown, HTML and PDF

Markdown is a lightweight markup language based on the formatting conventions
that people naturally use in email.
As [John Gruber] writes on the [Markdown site][df1]

> The overriding design goal for Markdown's
> formatting syntax is to make it as readable
> as possible. The idea is that a
> Markdown-formatted document should be
> publishable as-is, as plain text, without
> looking like it's been marked up with tags
> or formatting instructions.

This text you see here is *actually- written in Markdown! To get a feel
for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and
watch the results in the right.

## **Commands**

### Runtime Control

*exit - closes all ports and quits runtime*
SYNOPSIS
: exit

DESCRIPTION
: closes all ports in list all_ports before quitting python runtime, returns user to original terminal

takes no arguments

### Serial Control

*init - initializes COM port as Interface during the current runtime*
SYNOPSIS
: init [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
: initializes serial port with an interface name adressable by user

mandatory arguments are

-i=[INTERFACE]
-p=[PORT]
-r=[BAUDRATE]

optional arguments are
-b=[BYTESIZE], default value is 8 (eight)
-a=[PARITY], default is none
-s=[STOPBITS], default is 1 (one)

EXAMPLES
: init -i=MyPort -p=COM5 -r=115200

*close - closes interface*
SYNOPSIS
: close [INTERFACE] [PORT]

DESCRIPTION
: closes serial port via either port or interface name

first argument must either be interface name or port name following the -p option
-p=[PORT]

EXAMPLES
: close MyPort
  close -p=COM5

## **Installation**

Dillinger requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10+ to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies and start the server.

```sh
cd dillinger
npm i
node app
```

For production environments...

```sh
npm install --production
NODE_ENV=production node app
```

## **Programming Interface**

Dillinger is currently extended with the following plugins.
Instructions on how to use them in your own application are linked below.

| Plugin | README |
| ------ | ------ |
| Dropbox | [plugins/dropbox/README.md][PlDb] |
| GitHub | [plugins/github/README.md][PlGh] |
| Google Drive | [plugins/googledrive/README.md][PlGd] |
| OneDrive | [plugins/onedrive/README.md][PlOd] |
| Medium | [plugins/medium/README.md][PlMe] |
| Google Analytics | [plugins/googleanalytics/README.md][PlGa] |

## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

Dillinger uses Gulp + Webpack for fast developing.
Make a change in your file and instantaneously see your updates!

Open your favorite Terminal and run these commands.

First Tab:

```sh
node app
```

Second Tab:

```sh
gulp watch
```

(optional) Third:

```sh
karma test
```

#### Building for source

For production release:

```sh
gulp build --prod
```

Generating pre-built zip archives for distribution:

```sh
gulp build dist --prod
```

## Docker

Dillinger is very easy to install and deploy in a Docker container.

By default, the Docker will expose port 8080, so change this within the
Dockerfile if necessary. When ready, simply use the Dockerfile to
build the image.

```sh
cd dillinger
docker build -t <youruser>/dillinger:${package.json.version} .
```

This will create the dillinger image and pull in the necessary dependencies.
Be sure to swap out `${package.json.version}` with the actual
version of Dillinger.

Once done, run the Docker image and map the port to whatever you wish on
your host. In this example, we simply map port 8000 of the host to
port 8080 of the Docker (or whatever port was exposed in the Dockerfile):

```sh
docker run -d -p 8000:8080 --restart=always --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN --name=dillinger <youruser>/dillinger:${package.json.version}
```

> Note: `--capt-add=SYS-ADMIN` is required for PDF rendering.

Verify the deployment by navigating to your server address in
your preferred browser.

```sh
127.0.0.1:8000
```

## License

MIT

**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [dill]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger.git>
   [john gruber]: <http://daringfireball.net>
   [df1]: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>
   [markdown-it]: <https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it>
   [Ace Editor]: <http://ace.ajax.org>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [Twitter Bootstrap]: <http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/>
   [jQuery]: <http://jquery.com>
   [@tjholowaychuk]: <http://twitter.com/tjholowaychuk>
   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>
   [AngularJS]: <http://angularjs.org>
   [Gulp]: <http://gulpjs.com>

   [PlDb]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/dropbox/README.md>
   [PlGh]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/github/README.md>
   [PlGd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/googledrive/README.md>
   [PlOd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/onedrive/README.md>
   [PlMe]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/medium/README.md>
   [PlGa]: <https://github.com/RahulHP/dillinger/blob/master/plugins/googleanalytics/README.md>

Commit message:

show_ports, init and set_port now working fine

Readme.md, after:

# pyWavereader
## Python based Waveform reader tool for the DSO138mini 1-channel oscilloscope

[![Build Status]]()
Last Revision: 2021-Aug-18

Written by D.Hainsch / Ampy 

pyWavereader is a small and simple tool, designed to optimize the workflow when working with the DSO138mini oscilloscope
Via a usb-ttl converter, such as the CH340 etc., the DSO138mini can transmit it's currently captured waveform via UART.
Factory settings are as follows:
- baudrate = 115200
- bytesize = 8
- parity = none
- stopbits = 1

pyWavereader has been developed on Windows 10, Microsoft Visual Studio Code to be executed on Python version 3.7.6 interpreter or higher.
During development it has been tested with the DSO138mini, running on Firmware 113-13816-111, connected to a CH340 usb-ttl converter on COM5

## **Features**

- Import a HTML file and watch it magically convert to Markdown
- Drag and drop images (requires your Dropbox account be linked)
- Import and save files from GitHub, Dropbox, Google Drive and One Drive
- Drag and drop markdown and HTML files into Dillinger
- Export documents as Markdown, HTML and PDF

Markdown is a lightweight markup language based on the formatting conventions
that people naturally use in email.
As [John Gruber] writes on the [Markdown site][df1]

> The overriding design goal for Markdown's
> formatting syntax is to make it as readable
> as possible. The idea is that a
> Markdown-formatted document should be
> publishable as-is, as plain text, without
> looking like it's been marked up with tags
> or formatting instructions.

This text you see here is *actually- written in Markdown! To get a feel
for Markdown's syntax, type some text into the left window and
watch the results in the right.

## **Commands**

Most commands take multiple arguments, but not multiple instances of the same option
Options must be introduced with a dash "-", predecessed by one or more whitespace(s)
Every option consists of one standard american alphabet letter
If an option can set a parameter, the argument must be appended to the option letter with an equal sign "=" and then the argument

EXAMPLE
: init i=myName p=COM1 r=9600

### Runtime Control

*exit - closes all ports and quits runtime*
SYNOPSIS
: exit

DESCRIPTION
: closes all ports in list all_ports before quitting python runtime, returns user to original terminal

takes no arguments

*help - returns man page for a given command*
SYNOPSIS
: help [COMMAND]

DESCRIPTION
: prints the man page about the command(s) given as argument or if -a option is given prints all possible commands

-a, prints all commands, function call ignores all other argument if this is given

EXAMPLES
: help -init
 help -a -init
 second function call will ignore the -init argument

### Serial Control

*init - initializes COM port as Interface during the current runtime*
SYNOPSIS
: init [OPTIONS]

DESCRIPTION
: initializes serial port with an interface name adressable by user

mandatory arguments are

-i=[INTERFACE]
-p=[PORT]
-r=[BAUDRATE]

optional arguments are
-b=[BYTESIZE], default value is 8 (eight)
-a=[PARITY], default is none
-s=[STOPBITS], default is 1 (one)

EXAMPLES
: init -i=MyPort -p=COM5 -r=115200

*close - closes interface*
SYNOPSIS
: close [INTERFACE] [PORT]

DESCRIPTION
: closes serial port via either port or interface name

first argument must either be interface name or port name following the -p option
-p=[PORT]

EXAMPLES
: close MyPort
  close -p=COM5

## **Installation**

Dillinger requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10+ to run.

Install the dependencies and devDependencies and start the server.

```sh
cd dillinger
npm i
node app
```

For production environments...

```sh
npm install --production
NODE_ENV=production node app
```

## **Programming Interface**

Dillinger is currently extended with the following plugins.
Instructions on how to use them in your own application are linked below.

| Plugin | README |
| ------ | ------ |
| Dropbox | [plugins/dropbox/README.md][PlDb] |
| GitHub | [plugins/github/README.md][PlGh] |
| Google Drive | [plugins/googledrive/README.md][PlGd] |
| OneDrive | [plugins/onedrive/README.md][PlOd] |
| Medium | [plugins/medium/README.md][PlMe] |
| Google Analytics | [plugins/googleanalytics/README.md][PlGa] |

## Development

Want to contribute? Great!

Dillinger uses Gulp + Webpack for fast developing.
Make a change in your file and instantaneously see your updates!

Open your favorite Terminal and run these commands.

First Tab:

```sh
node app
```

Second Tab:

```sh
gulp watch
```

(optional) Third:

```sh
karma test
```

#### Building for source

For production release:

```sh
gulp build --prod
```

Generating pre-built zip archives for distribution:

```sh
gulp build dist --prod
```

## Docker

Dillinger is very easy to install and deploy in a Docker container.

By default, the Docker will expose port 8080, so change this within the
Dockerfile if necessary. When ready, simply use the Dockerfile to
build the image.

```sh
cd dillinger
docker build -t <youruser>/dillinger:${package.json.version} .
```

This will create the dillinger image and pull in the necessary dependencies.
Be sure to swap out `${package.json.version}` with the actual
version of Dillinger.

Once done, run the Docker image and map the port to whatever you wish on
your host. In this example, we simply map port 8000 of the host to
port 8080 of the Docker (or whatever port was exposed in the Dockerfile):

```sh
docker run -d -p 8000:8080 --restart=always --cap-add=SYS_ADMIN --name=dillinger <youruser>/dillinger:${package.json.version}
```

> Note: `--capt-add=SYS-ADMIN` is required for PDF rendering.

Verify the deployment by navigating to your server address in
your preferred browser.

```sh
127.0.0.1:8000
```

## License

MIT

**Free Software, Hell Yeah!**

[//]: # (These are reference links used in the body of this note and get stripped out when the markdown processor does its job. There is no need to format nicely because it shouldn't be seen. Thanks SO - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4823468/store-comments-in-markdown-syntax)

   [dill]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger.git>
   [john gruber]: <http://daringfireball.net>
   [df1]: <http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/>
   [markdown-it]: <https://github.com/markdown-it/markdown-it>
   [Ace Editor]: <http://ace.ajax.org>
   [node.js]: <http://nodejs.org>
   [Twitter Bootstrap]: <http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/>
   [jQuery]: <http://jquery.com>
   [@tjholowaychuk]: <http://twitter.com/tjholowaychuk>
   [express]: <http://expressjs.com>
   [AngularJS]: <http://angularjs.org>
   [Gulp]: <http://gulpjs.com>

   [PlDb]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/dropbox/README.md>
   [PlGh]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/github/README.md>
   [PlGd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/googledrive/README.md>
   [PlOd]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/onedrive/README.md>
   [PlMe]: <https://github.com/joemccann/dillinger/tree/master/plugins/medium/README.md>
   [PlGa]: <https://github.com/RahulHP/dillinger/blob/master/plugins/googleanalytics/README.md>
